Update `README.md` with link to Confluence local Docker build instructions (#771)
hazelcast/hazelcast-docker: README.md

Then, use the image `<username>/hazelcast:test` in your Kubernetes environment to test your change.

> Additional documentation can be found [here](https://hazelcast.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DI/pages/5110693890/How+to+build+local+Hazelcast+Docker+image+from+hazelcast-mono).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional documentation can be found [in Hazelcast internal wiki](https://hazelcast.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DI/pages/5110693890/How+to+build+local+Hazelcast+Docker+image+from+hazelcast-mono).
```
